Change default handoffConditionTimeout to 15 minutes. (#14539)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kafka-supervisor-reference.md

| `reportParseExceptions`           | Boolean        | *DEPRECATED*. If true, exceptions encountered during parsing will be thrown and will halt ingestion; if false, unparseable rows and fields will be skipped. Setting `reportParseExceptions` to true will override existing configurations for `maxParseExceptions` and `maxSavedParseExceptions`, setting `maxParseExceptions` to 0 and limiting `maxSavedParseExceptions` to no more than 1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | no (default == false)                                                                                        |

> | `handoffConditionTimeout`         | Long           | Milliseconds to wait for segment handoff. It must be >= 0, where 0 means to wait forever.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | no (default == 900000 [15 minutes])                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `handoffConditionTimeout`         | Long           | Number of milliseconds to wait for segment handoff. Set to a value >= 0, where 0 means to wait indefinitely.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | no (default == 900000 [15 minutes])                                                                          |
```
